okay guys here we have the team venom f8
hall the bag came in today came as a bit
of a flat pack took about half an hour
to assemble silver with green logo nice
logo looks really nice just roll this up
this what you've got is five cross the
last I want to see for your buggy the
other peripherals your controller I'll
see this one here it's slightly smaller
this fifth one if there's a little gap
here and right down the bottom one's
done if you can see that but obviously
the wheels for the car stop the casters
therefore my videos sits on some feet
these are all plastic come out have to
assemble them yourself
that's basically what took about half an
hour to set up but you know it's a great
looking bag on the side more pockets
you've got that handled that pulls out
like a suitcase yeah it's pretty sturdy
I'd say you either need to book a fair
distance with it on the top and all just
clips off got in here is them little
tray area for your tools quite nice
quite handy
I suppose the real test real test is
whether we can get a buggy in it we've
got a couple of buggies here so we got
b4 okay here we gave my Schumaker cougar
lovely bit of kit okay
going solo when they've room their fits
though it's a cougar no problem
controller lovely loads of space
spectrum Draghi here but beyond those
thing is gonna going okay we're gonna
hey Bo hi pop this team so pretty big no
you're just it's up nice I'll see on the
back wall more storage for your
information or your race times anything
like that left side a couple of pockets
easily accessible nice quality the only
thing I would say about this bag is
maybe the color isn't the greatest
suited for our sin I mean if you're out
in a clay or in a field there's a high
chance it's gonna get pretty dirty you
might be better off with the black but
you know it does look nice the graphics
look good and overall as a bag you know
I think you brought up there with some
of the goods you know the good walk just
to sum up then on the review of the f8
hauler bag overall really good bag give
it a 9 ounce of eight nine out of 10
really sturdy really well-made not
flimsy pretty good you're gonna get all
your gear in it all your wheels loose
pairs and your buggies I'd say you can't
go wrong especially at the moment
currently on ebay kind of pick it up 100
pounds you know delivered so really good
value for money you know and in this day
and age that's number one really isn't
it so there it is
FAQ on the bag